now it's time to have some fun every
once in a while when the moon is full we
send my cousin Sal out of the while to
make merry mischief we rent a house we
set up hidden cameras in the house and
in this case summon an unsuspecting
TaskRabbit to complete a ridiculous task
[Music]
hey what's happening
your TaskRabbit yeah you don't come on
in sweet so what's your name Isaac all
right nice to see it so here's the thing
my son a kid sit down my son tanner is a
little behind in his math homework yeah
so I was hoping you could help Matt a
little bit he's like two or three weeks
behind you know it's just it's just
addition sure you have to show your work
and everything but anyway I just need
you to basically like fill out that book
we can you know edition yeah I just have
some work to do with tanner
yeah important stuff yeah all right
thanks hey Tanner come on in you might
want to put these glasses on here yeah
my boys are YouTube influencer all right
you do his homework he'll do his videos
this'll be good ready all right tanner
three two one go hey everybody some
awesome new amazing toys you wanna see
you click and smash that subscribe
button here we go
yeah there we go all right yeah good
guys makes thousands for video you know
so you do the math you know what I mean
really not dude you do the math okay all
right tanner
talk a little about how like when you go
to school you know you end up like
dead-end job and everything we need to
be making thousands of dollars a week
YouTube videos got it all right so I can
pay people to do my homework for example
this guy yeah all right now good that's
good
and you'll have to shoot me so much all
right okay all right let's try it again
oh yeah all right let them do your
homework
bye YouTube videos here yeah this is
great
okay go go yeah sure it's about like a
sweet kid huh yeah do you seem like
you're struggling was the homework hard
always getting you good oh yeah you got
like some like what's on your neck
yeah look at that oh that's really good
let me get a shot of that all right
yeah it's good oh wow wow that one's
good
all right saving for the video save for
the video man uptown oh now you're gonna
talk a little about how I don't have to
do stupid homework I could pay people to
do it for me yeah not like this math
hole over here you know what I mean it
doesn't stuff like that right all right
you don't mind if he calls you a math
all right yeah you're good at math yeah
ready and let it go what do you wanna
what's wrong no it's okay hold on one
second what do you think I'm trying to
be a good dad here you know it's just
old so much time in a day what should I
do
he's got to make these videos but he's
got to do Matt so what do you think I
should do no that's just you guys you
hungry can't just take all the time this
wrong yeah I think it weren't born to be
on TV like you're on TV right now that's
right you're on Jamie Kim alive he's
over there
[Applause]
thanks man
Oh cousin Sal thanks for watching if you
liked that video click the subscribe
button and if you didn't like it will
you hurt my feelings